Add bridge webhook to slack (#219)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/bridges/webhook-to-slack.md

spec:
  token:
    secretKeyRef:
      name: slack-tm
      key: token
```

## Transformation Component

To bridge the gap between the event produced by the Webhook Source and the one expected at the Slack Target we need to perform a transformation, which we can do using a declarative or coded approach. We will use the later here.

Replace the channel ID in this transformation with the one you want to use. The channel ID can be retrieved from the URL either at the browser or selecting the `copy link` option at the Slack app. Please make sure that the bot user is added to the Slack channel.

```yaml
apiVersion: extensions.triggermesh.io/v1alpha1
kind: Function
metadata:
  name: webhook-to-slack
spec:
  runtime: python
  public: false
  entrypoint: transformToSlack
  ceOverrides:
    extensions:
      type: com.slack.webapi.chat.postMessage
  code: |
    from random import randrange

    def transformToSlack(event, context):
      return {
        "channel":"REPLACE-CHANNEL-ID",
        "text": event['message']
      }
```

## Routing Components

In order to connect all components we will setup these elements:

- A central Broker that receives messages from the Source

> - A Trigger that consumes Webhook events filtering by the `webhook.slack.postmessage` type and sends then to the transformation Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Trigger that consumes Webhook events filtered by the `webhook.slack.postmessage` type and sends them to the transformation Function.
```

> - A Trigger that consumes transformed events filtering by the `com.slack.webapi.chat.postMessage` type and sends then to the Slack target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Trigger that consumes transformed events filtered by the `com.slack.webapi.chat.postMessage` type and sends them to the Slack target.
```

> The Broker name is set to `default` to match the one used at the already created Webhook Source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Broker name is set to `default` to match the one used at the Webhook Source earlier.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  name: default
```

Both Triggers are setup on the Broker and subscribe their corresponding destination filtering by types.

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Trigger
metadata:
  name: wehook-to-transform
spec:
  broker: default
  filter:
    attributes:
      type: webhook.slack.postmessage
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: extensions.triggermesh.io/v1alpha1
      kind: Function
      name: webhook-to-slack

---

apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Trigger
metadata:
  name: slack-post-messages
spec:
  broker: default
  filter:
    attributes:
      type: com.slack.webapi.chat.postMessage
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: targets.triggermesh.io/v1alpha1
      kind: SlackTarget
      name: slack-tm
```

## Done

Retrieve the URL where the Webhook is listening for incoming requests.

> ```sh
> kubectl get webhooksources.sources.triggermesh.io post-message
> NAME           READY   REASON   URL                                                                  SINK                                                                            AGE
> post-message   True             https://webhooksource-post-message.woodford.dev.triggermesh.io   http://broker-ingress.knative-eventing.svc.cluster.local/woodford/default   61s
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
$ kubectl get webhooksources.sources.triggermesh.io post-message
NAME           READY   REASON   URL                                                                  SINK                                                                            AGE
post-message   True             https://webhooksource-post-message.woodford.dev.triggermesh.io   http://broker-ingress.knative-eventing.svc.cluster.local/woodford/default   61s
```
```

Use `curl` or any HTTP capable client to post messages at Slack.

```
curl -d '{"message":"test my bridge"}' https://webhooksource-post-message.woodford.dev.triggermesh.io
```

> Moving forward this bridge could be added:

Reviewer: I think this sentence needs to be rephrased
